com/mellowdevs/mellowish/config/SecurityConfig.java
 com.mellowdevs.mellowish.config.SecurityConfig
com/mellowdevs/mellowish/dto/WishDto.java
 com.mellowdevs.mellowish.dto.WishDto
com/mellowdevs/mellowish/controller/WishController.java
 com.mellowdevs.mellowish.controller.WishController
com/mellowdevs/mellowish/controller/AuthController.java
 com.mellowdevs.mellowish.controller.AuthController
com/mellowdevs/mellowish/dto/CategoryDto.java
 com.mellowdevs.mellowish.dto.CategoryDto
com/mellowdevs/mellowish/domain/User.java
 com.mellowdevs.mellowish.domain.User
com/mellowdevs/mellowish/service/impl/WishServiceImpl.java
 com.mellowdevs.mellowish.service.impl.WishServiceImpl
com/mellowdevs/mellowish/service/impl/AuthServiceImpl.java
 com.mellowdevs.mellowish.service.impl.AuthServiceImpl
com/mellowdevs/mellowish/security/JwtAuthenticationFilter.java
 com.mellowdevs.mellowish.security.JwtAuthenticationFilter
com/mellowdevs/mellowish/service/AuthService.java
 com.mellowdevs.mellowish.service.AuthService
com/mellowdevs/mellowish/repository/UserRepository.java
 com.mellowdevs.mellowish.repository.UserRepository
com/mellowdevs/mellowish/service/WishService.java
 com.mellowdevs.mellowish.service.WishService
com/mellowdevs/mellowish/repository/WishRepository.java
 com.mellowdevs.mellowish.repository.WishRepository
com/mellowdevs/mellowish/service/impl/CategoryServiceImpl.java
 com.mellowdevs.mellowish.service.impl.CategoryServiceImpl
com/mellowdevs/mellowish/service/impl/UserDetailsServiceImpl.java
 com.mellowdevs.mellowish.service.impl.UserDetailsServiceImpl
com/mellowdevs/mellowish/domain/Category.java
 com.mellowdevs.mellowish.domain.Category
com/mellowdevs/mellowish/service/CategoryService.java
 com.mellowdevs.mellowish.service.CategoryService
com/mellowdevs/mellowish/dto/RegisterRequestDto.java
 com.mellowdevs.mellowish.dto.RegisterRequestDto
com/mellowdevs/mellowish/controller/CategoryController.java
 com.mellowdevs.mellowish.controller.CategoryController
com/mellowdevs/mellowish/domain/Wish.java
 com.mellowdevs.mellowish.domain.Wish
com/mellowdevs/mellowish/MellowishApplication.java
 com.mellowdevs.mellowish.MellowishApplication
com/mellowdevs/mellowish/dto/LoginRequestDto.java
 com.mellowdevs.mellowish.dto.LoginRequestDto
com/mellowdevs/mellowish/security/JwtProvider.java
 com.mellowdevs.mellowish.security.JwtProvider
com/mellowdevs/mellowish/repository/CategoryRepository.java
 com.mellowdevs.mellowish.repository.CategoryRepository
